Sampling in proxies - nginx plugin docs (#14591)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/proxy_setup/_index.md

### Sampling

To control the volume of traces starting from Nginx that are sent to Datadog, specify a sampling rate by setting the parameter `DD_TRACE_SAMPLING_RULES` to a value between `0.0` (0%) and `1.0` (100%). If no value is specified, 100% of traces starting from Nginx are sent. The Kubernetes Nginx ingress controller uses [v1.2.1][11] of the `dd-opentracing-cpp` library).

> To keep 10% of the traces starting for the service named `ingress-nginx`, set the following environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to keep 10% of the traces starting from the `ingress-nginx` service:
```
